add U controller params (#6871)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: sub/source/docs/manual-tuning.rst

- :ref:`PILOT_SPEED<PILOT_SPEED>`
- :ref:`PILOT_SPEED_UP<PILOT_SPEED_UP>`
- :ref:`PILOT_SPEED_DN<PILOT_SPEED_DN>`

Depth Control
=============

> Verical position holding modes (ALT_HOLD,etc.) have these primary tuning parameters, which can be lowered if depth oscillatgion occurs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vertical position holding modes (ALT_HOLD,etc.) have these primary tuning parameters, which can be lowered if depth oscillation occurs:
```

Author: thanks
